in this video I'm gonna be showing an
alternative to the Windows Device
Manager so if we right click on my
computer and go properties and then open
up hardware and device manager this is
where the device manager lives in here
as you see it's pretty basic but most
technicians come here to find any driver
issues and stuff like that and problems
were there any devices so it's pretty
limited to what limited to what you can
actually do here ok so I'm going to show
you another piece of kit that you can
actually use that's far superior to this
so let's have a look at where we can get
it from you can get it from this website
here WWE pro - IT - education de I will
put the full link in my description of
my video it's a it's an alternative to a
Windows device manager it's cool device
remover it works with Windows 2000 XP
Vista and Windows 7 now if you are
running XP and 2000 you will need to
install the microsoft.net framework 2.0
plus so it works Windows Vista and
Windows 7 have only got that installed
so you won't need to worry about that he
also works with 32-bit and 64-bit
operating systems ok so let's have a
look at the actual application itself
I've already installed mine so as you
can see this is the actual application
here they were looking at the device
tree here which looks pretty similar to
the Windows the Windows version so if we
look at say for instance the floppy disk
controllers and I right-click on this
it's going to give us the same similar
information but as you can see here
we've got device registry data details
so if I click on this we will actually
open up the actual panel here and you
can actually see the registry hive key
path for the actual controller and that
takes us into the registry now I can
actually print this information if I
wanted to export this information or
open the key narrow open the key this
will open up the location of that
controller
so as you can see I was the registry up
and there we go so it's pretty useful
for that let's got a few other tabs here
device lists therefore click on device
list if I hover over these you can see a
big yellow box that comes up and it
gives you all the information that you
may need
ok now I'm only gonna be scratching
along the surface of this program
because it is quite large and I don't
think I'll have the time to cover the
whole lot of information but if you come
over to the right-hand side here you can
see copy or copy selected you can
actually copy information ok so that's
and you can actually remove you can
actually remove selected as you can see
so you can you do get quite a lot of
information here and you've gotten also
a command line that's down the bottom
here which you can actually use as well
it's a run command line ok so that's
actually move on to the next tab is
called drivers and services and as you
can see again loads of useful
information there is your services that
are all there ok and we've also got
memory loaded drivers which is another
useful area as you can see he'll DLL
that common error that people get and
it's gives you the information now if I
right click on this held up DLL file I
can print this I can save this file I
can copy the whole DLL file I can upload
driver health you know I can backup
module file for module held up DLL I can
actually open up the location to where
that file resides and it will actually
highlight the actual file itself as you
can see there very useful as you can see
that's pretty much it for that one let's
move on to the next tab system processes
and and handles as you can see system
and you've got CS RSS as you can see
there process and if you wanted to you
can actually right click on here save
information kill process so you can
actually kill the process okay
so that's very useful and as you can see
a lot more of debugging you can do loads
of other stuff in this area so let's
have a look what else we can find on
this and as you can see a process and
service on sort of right here lets you
flick between the two so let's have a
look the voice events so if I put the
device events up and click on this it
gives me the device events okay which is
very useful and you can save this events
list okay I'll clear it
we've also got print process list we've
also got search for devices search for
the service device drivers have also
reload and display mode
so we've if we come up to the top here
file as you can see here we've got a
pretty much same that's down the bottom
there really it's just another area so
let's have a look at the application
as you can see applications you've got a
load of useful bits here force
application termination translate error
codes which is quite useful also for
come down to system you can actually see
loads more stuff here okay I'm not going
to be able to go through all this stuff
because there's too much as you can see
have a little plate driver verifier
signature verifier you've got loads of
useful tools there you can actually use
this and look at the options okay so
we've got options so that's pretty much
as I thought help and you can check for
updates device to remove a homepage
that's the actual homepage for the thing
and you've got the licensing about the
actual application ok so I hope this
video has been something used here
download it give it a go I'll tell you
what you won't regret it it's far
superior to the actual Windows Device
Manager and you won't go back when she's
thought use there my name is Brian from
bright techno coda UK hope this video
has been some use here if you enjoy my
videos please rate and subscribe for
more videos
also if you haven't registered on my for
yet please head over there and register
and start posting your questions video
requests anything of that nature and I
can help you over there okay so thanks
again for your support guys thanks for
watching bye for now